[GL-1592] Docker README (#359)
broadinstitute/warp: dockers/broad/gatk/README.md

# GATK

## Quick reference

Copy and paste to pull this image

#### `docker pull us.gcr.io/broad-gotc-prod/gatk:1.0.0-4.1.8.0-1626439571`
`

- __What is this image:__ This image is a lightweight alpine-based image for running GATK (it includes both GATK4 & GATK3 -- 3.5 is included for backwards compatibility with HaplotypeCalling).

> - __What is GATK:__ GATK (Genome Analysis Toolkit) is the industry standard for identifying SNPs and indels in germline DNA and RNAseq data. See [here](https://gatk.broadinstitute.org/hc/en-us) more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__What is GATK:__ GATK (Genome Analysis Toolkit) is the industry standard for identifying SNPs and indels in germline DNA and RNAseq data. See [here](https://gatk.broadinstitute.org/hc/en-us) for more information.

> - __How to see GATK version used in image:__ Please see below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- __How to inspect GATK image and tool versions:__ Please see below.
```

> ## Versioning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Docker Image Versioning
